in the wild the Cubs wouldn't start
hunting for another few months so Lee is
building some animals that maybe a
little easier to catch we've got all our
materials here that we need to make our
giraffe decoy for the Cubs this morning
because we have to use natural items
because if they do happen to eat it
it obviously won't affect them in any
way well so we put some elephant dung
into the middle of the giraffe and place
it on a root when they go on the walk so
they actually stumble across it like
they would with game in the park lion
handler teacher is on hand to help
[Music]
we are going to see if he will stand
which is we've got some little yellow
flowers are we using for his eyes you
just popping those in now I think we're
gonna call him Jerry the giraffe
Jerry's actually giving his life for
conservation so it's a good thing
Jerry maduro is one of several possible
Savannah animals that Lee has built to
attract the Cubs attention teacher who's
ahead to plant these makeshift animals
we're gonna make our way down to where
we've put the animal decoys and see how
they react chemically come on babies
come come on Tom lines Africa's already
and picked up if there's something
different on the route he's a little bit
wary of it at the moment he was actually
cool into it just now but he's signed to
make his way in slowly just to see what
it is
Lions sense of smell is good but the
sharp eyes and hearing help them to hone
in on prey it's interesting because they
approaching it from behind because they
know the scary bits in the front where
the ears off because when they when they
do come across game especially with
zebras they'll sometimes bite the Cubs
and they use a front hooves to actually
kick them so it's good that they go in
behind
[Music]
so they've just opened up now they've
realized that there's actually elephant
dung inside so be interesting to see how
they react with the elephant cuz he's
actually got meat inside of him in the
wild lions regularly go days between
meals if Africa and Alico want their
lunch first they must take on this
strange-looking elephant when a pride
hunt together they are one of the most
successful of the big cats making a kill
about one in every three to five
attempts alright so both mines now are
on the kill once they open it up and
they realize it's actually meat they'll
start getting quite possessive over it
even though Alika hunted it just like in
the wild it's Africa the male who steps
in to claim the lion's share usually the
dominant boy will have he'll usually
grab the whole kill for himself and
stand they will sit there and growl and
the rest of the boys will make their way
in really slowly because males are not
willing to share females are a lot more
willing to share when it comes to food
when lions feast males can eat up to 15%
of their body weight in a sitting their
behavior changes a lot when they have
meat they go from a cute cuddly little
lion to the savage beasts and that's
what we want them to do for that in
order for them to carry on they need to
have these skills and it might just look
like a pair of the bunch of grass at the
moment but for them this is stimulating
them in every aspect that we need them
to